That's not what it should be, mom.
Although Xiao Chen is not my Liu family
But he is Yaoyao's father
Yaoyao doesn't want to be separated from her father
qi and blood
You have forgotten the hardships we have suffered all these years
Because of him, we eat vegetables
Unbearable
You forget all the pain you suffered
I will never eat with the army
Dad, I don't agree with this trash friend's house either
Don't forget.
Lin Shang, have you prepared an engagement party for you?
Just kicked it away at this time
It's really indicative.
Not bad, Qingxue got it below
Then meet Lin Shao
And then finally, kick the crap out.
That's three delights.
Since this little mess
Insist on recognizing this trash
Then let this trash lead this little mess
Get out of the house together
One hundred and one hundred, I agree.
Just let Qingxue break this thought
Mom, how can you do this?
Yaoyao is your granddaughter after all
What dear granddaughter
I can't stand it.
It's because of this little bastard
Defile the bloodline of our Liu family
Liu Xuexue, you have to insist again and again
With this crap and this little bastard
Then I will firmly oppose your return to Youjia
Hey no no no
Just let this little guy
Come with him to accompany my dad and get out of your house
Mom, you Qingxue are willing to give up on this little brat
In this way, you can easily marry into a famous young man
And then take us home to the sky
I don't want to be separated from my mother.
I want to be with my parents
You little thing
Stop it
You won't miss the Liu family with this little magazine
The manager of the Liu family is not good enough for me
Emotions I will take Yaoyao to a dinner party tomorrow
Waiting for you
Mom Mom Yaoyao Ha Yaoyao Hey
Snow Yaoyao
So what's all this for?
Uncovered this waste
You have a bright future